fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 101-120 (#42597)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-116-red-green-or-blue-tiles.md

If red tiles are chosen there are exactly seven ways this can be done.

p116_1.png

If green tiles are chosen there are three ways.

p116_2.png

And if blue tiles are chosen there are two ways.

p116_3.png

> Assuming that colours cannot be mixed there are 7 + 3 + 2 = 12 ways of replacing the black tiles in a row measuring five units in length. How many different ways can the black tiles in a row measuring fifty units in length be replaced if colours cannot be mixed and at least one coloured tile must be used?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that colors cannot be mixed there are 7 + 3 + 2 = 12 ways of replacing the black tiles in a row measuring five units in length. How many different ways can the black tiles in a row measuring fifty units in length be replaced if colors cannot be mixed and at least one colored tile must be used?
```
